Reports documentation update (#4250)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/reports.md

[\[edit on GitHub\]](https://github.com/chef/automate/blob/master/components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/reports.md)

The _Reports_ page (Compliance > Reports) provides comprehensive insight into the compliance status of all scanned infrastructure.
Scan results for audit cookbook configurations also appear in this view.

{{% info %}}
The control count in the _Profile Status_ pane (Reports > Profile Status) shows the total number of executed controls, not the total number of unique controls.
{{% /info %}}

![Reports](/images/docs/reports.png)

### Dates in Compliance Reports

The dashboard shows the results of all scans with end times on the _currently selected day_.

> The currently selected day, as highlighted in the search bar, bases itself on timestamps in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _currently selected day_, as highlighted in the search bar, bases itself on timestamps in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
```

@vjeffrey or @susanev Is this a Unix epoch timestamp or something else?

Reviewer: @mjingle use the existing language & make a card to follow up on the timestamps next week.

Author: card made

Author: Received confirmation from VJ that _current selected day_ is a RFC3339 formatted timestamp.

### Deep Filtering

Deep filtering shifts the perspective of the results from the node to the profile and its associated control.
Use deep filtering to see the compliance reporting for an entire profile or an individual control within a profile.

> Please note the only supported filters for deep filtering are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deep filtering supports filtering for:
```

    * one profile
    * one profile and one of its associated controls

### Waivers

A node's waived status appears if applicable in displays where a node's status appears in Chef Automate.
The Compliance Reports overview displays the node count and history of waived nodes, and the count and history of waived controls.
_Nodes_ and _Profiles_ views include _Waived Nodes_ and _Waived Profiles_ status filters respectively.

> Select the _Waived_ status filter to display only the respective Node or Profile reporting with that status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting the _Waived_ status filter to displays the respective Node or Profile reporting with the `waived` status.
```

Author: Fixed it: 
> Selecting the _Waived_ status filter displays the respective Node or Profile reporting with the `waived` status.

Hover over the control's Waived icon under the Node Status column in _Controls_ to view more details about the waiver applied to the control.

Use Chef InSpec to configure [waivers](https://www.inspec.io/docs/reference/waivers/).

### Download Report Results

> The download button located to the right of the search bar allows the user to download a JSON or CSV format of the reports, based on all currently applied filters (including end time selected in calendar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The download button located to the right of the search bar allows users to download a JSON or CSV format of the reports. The downloaded contents are the result of all of the applied filters--including end time selected in calendar.
```

## Compliance Status and Report Metadata

The _Compliance Status and Report Metadata_ bar is directly beneath the search bar.
Expand the `Report Metadata` information by selecting the compliance status bar. The report metadata shows a summary of the nodes, report date, duration, status, number of platforms, number of environments, and number of profiles used in your scan.

![Reports Metadata](/images/docs/reports-metadata.png)

## Compliance Overview

> Toggle between _Node Status_ and _Profile Status_ to view your system's overall compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle between _Node Status_ and _Profile Status_ to view your system's compliance state.
```

### Node Status

The _Node Status_ view shows your system's compliance status from the operational perspective of nodes.

Node Status
: Shows the number of nodes that passed or failed compliance scans, and the number of skipped or waived nodes.

Severity of Node Failures
: Shows the severity of the compliance scan failures on your system's nodes.

Node Status Over Time
: Shows the changes in size and compliance status of your system over time. Use the dropdown menu in the upper left corner to change the date range. Changing the date range also changes the displays in related charts and tables.

Top Platform Failures

> : Shows the number of compliance scan failures grouped by operating system. Hovering over an individual bubble shows the platform name and the number of impacted nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Shows the number of compliance scan failures grouped by operating system. Hovering over an individual bubble shows the platform name and the number of failed nodes.
```

 Top Environment Failures

> : Shows the number of compliance scan failures grouped by environment. Hovering over an individual bubble shows the environment name and the number of impacted nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Shows the number of compliance scan failures grouped by environment. Hovering over an individual bubble shows the environment name and the number of failed nodes.
```

### Profile Status

The _Profile Status_ view shows your system's compliance status from the compliance perspective of Compliance profiles run during scans.

Control Status
: Shows the number of controls in your system, grouped by passing, failing, and skipped controls.

Severity of Control Failures
: Shows failed controls, ranked by number and importance of the control failure, grouped as critical, major, and minor.

Control Status Over Time
: A line graph showing the number of controls and Compliance scan results over time. Use the calendar button in the upper right corner of the chart to change the time frame.

Top Profile Failures

> : Indicates the profiles with the highest failure rate. Hover over an individual bubble to show the full profile name and the number of impacted nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Indicates the profiles with the highest failure rate. Hover over an individual bubble to show the full profile name and the number of failed nodes.
```

Top Control Failures

> : Indicates the most frequently failing controls. Hover over an individual bubble to show the control name and the number of impacted nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Indicates the most frequently failing controls. Hover over an individual bubble to show the control name and the number of failed nodes.
```

## Switching Views

Switch your views by selecting the appropriate tabs and see compliance report results from the perspective of _Nodes_, _Profiles_, and _Controls_.

### Nodes

The _Nodes_ view provides more detailed insight into the compliance status of the nodes in your system.
Sort this table by node name, platform, environment, last scan, and the number of control failures from the most recent compliance scan.
Scroll to the bottom of the page for pagination navigation options.

![Reports Nodes](/images/docs/reports-nodes.png)

Node
: A node is any machine that is under management by Chef.

Platform

> : The operating system on your node, such as AIX, Amazon Linux, Apache, macOS, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Oracle Solaris, RHEL, SUSE Linux, Ubuntu, and Microsoft Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The operating system on your node, such as AIX, Amazon Linux, Apache, macOS, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Oracle Solaris, RHEL, SUSE Linux, Ubuntu, and Windows.
```

I'll update the linter

### Deep Filtering

Deep filtering shifts the perspective of the results from the node to the profile and its associated control.
Use deep filtering to see the compliance reporting for an entire profile or an individual control within a profile.

Deep filtering supports filtering for:

    * one profile
    * one profile and one of its associated controls

### Waivers

A node's waived status appears if applicable in displays where a node's status appears in Chef Automate.
The Compliance Reports overview displays the node count and history of waived nodes, and the count and history of waived controls.
_Nodes_ and _Profiles_ views include _Waived Nodes_ and _Waived Profiles_ status filters respectively.
Selecting the _Waived_ status filter displays the respective Node or Profile reporting with the `waived` status.
Hover over the control's Waived icon under the Node Status column in _Controls_ to view more details about the waiver applied to the control.

> Use Chef InSpec to configure [waivers](https://www.inspec.io/docs/reference/waivers/).

Reviewer 2: The original link is correct here.
```suggestion
Use Chef InSpec to configure [waivers](https://docs.chef.io/inspec/waivers/).
```

Author: Thank you for catching that, Ian. I checked and the rest of the links should be okay.
